charles this is actually a cold call can
i have 30 seconds to tell you why i've
called or would you like to hang up
ah he hung up do you like the idea of
never having to sweat away making cold
calls to generate a steady flow of sales
leads for your business and stay tuned
hey i'm sam dunning co-owner over at
webchoiceuk.com and host of the top 100
marketing podcast business growth show
all right so let's jump in with six
relatively low budget strategies to grow
your business get plenty of sales leads
coming your way and never have to make
those dreaded cold calls again so number
one one of my favorite platforms for b2b
business to business is linkedin the don
of all social networks in my opinion we
use it every single day here at
webchoice why should you be on linkedin
well it is the biggest network for b2b
so if you are selling to businesses it
can't even be good if you're saying to
consumers for a certain extent it's free
to use it has phenomenal organic reach
even though people complain to it it's
still very very good to this day
and why should you use it well linkedin
is awesome for becoming a trusted
advisor in your space let me tell you a
little story so i probably started
posting on linkedin consistently with
daily posts maybe about a year and a
half just over ago myself
so what i do log on to linkedin i share
tips each and every day around digital
marketing so typically websites or seo
which is the main products we sell here
at webchoiceuk.com
so i'll just
do things like if customers ask me
questions that gives me ideas for
content if there's common things that
people ask about on sales calls if i get
ideas
if i think of new strategies i talk
about what we're doing at web choice to
get customers to get leads so i share
pretty much a new idea um a new thought
each and every day whether that is a
written post as text posts have the best
reach right now on linkedin whether that
is a video clip which i sometimes pull
from the podcast business growth show or
a snippet of an interview um whether
that's an image post i just do one
simple post with a tip or an educational
piece of advice or something
entertaining each and every day
usually put a link in the comments as
links in the post can harm your reach
and over time that builds trust that
builds what's called compound interest
with your network and over time people
will start to trust you and when they
need your help they'll drop your message
or they go to your website and get in
touch and a few things to bear in mind
is you do need an optimized profile so
we have got episodes on that if you want
to check out business growth show
there's plenty there's one with jared
best michael where we talk about that
and one of justin welsh
and the other way you can do this is
connecting with ideal clients so
linkedin lets you connect to i think
it's roughly 50 or so prospects a week
it's got a great search facility on
linkedin so you can literally type in
the name of the job titles that you're
going after and the company type you can
look for the decision makers whether
marketing directors managing directors
owners whatever and start connecting
with them putting out content starting
conversations
adding value and then asking for the
sales meetings once you've earned that
right to do so
plus if you're putting out helpful
educational entertaining content through
your posts each day building that
reputation you'll also gain referrals as
well as direct inquiries so that's
number one and if you want a free copy
of my linkedin guide that shares exactly
how we make well over six figures with
linkedin inbound leads each year
still my strategy it's linkedinbook.com
that's linkedinbook.com grab your free
copy
number two website is your very best
sales person when it's done right so
a website needs to basically do a few
things it needs to clearly showcase what
you do how you help and point people to
get in touch or make a purchase so if
you're selling software maybe you want
to book a demo if you're selling a
product you want to guide them to make
the sale and it can do a few other
things it can build trust through
something called social proof so through
accreditations testimonials reviews
review videos um awards one all this
good stuff can build up trust as people
going through your site it can educate
people with useful guides resources
blogs videos etc
it can qualify prospects because you can
talk about the type of clients you help
the projects you've worked with you can
share your pricing so you don't get
inbound leads that are bad fit
and it can generate leads through the
means we've talked
through
also you can start basic so you don't
have to invest loads you can start with
a simple site whether that is a theme on
wordpress whether that's using something
simple like a wordpress site or a wix
site or a dooda site if you're a very
very small business and then when you're
ready you can invest in a custom design
that's going to be focused on lead gen
with an agency or a specialist company
and if you want to steal
our strategy for generating for building
a website that generates a steady flow
of leads then check out website
leadgenbook.com that's
websiteleagenbook.com for my free guide
number three we have seo
seo search engine optimization is all
about getting to the top of google
organically in the non-paid listings for
your key products or services and why do
you want it well people that typically
search on google have a high intent
meaning if i'm searching best let's say
best provider of accountancy software
probably going to need the help right
it's not like i'm browsing facebook at
nighttime just flicking around actually
i'm directly searching for it so
probably i'm interested in getting a
demo or learning more
so seo is really valuable for getting
that organic non-paid search building
your brand building your visibility
building your website traffic and
getting those sales leads or enquiries
um
so you can do it yourself it will take
quite a bit of time to learn you can
learn about things like keyword research
using tools like ahrefs or semrush or
ubersuggest or google keyword planner
and then you can
start researching the the search terms
that you want to drive inbound sales
leads for so and looking at things like
competitors looking at things like how
much traffic they get once you've
realized the keywords you want to target
to drive revenue then you can start
doing work on your website so a few
quick tips is not to have a one-page
website but have a multi-page site with
several pages so each page is for your
key services or your key products having
a separate page for each as well as your
key location served basically because
you're giving people a better experience
you're sharing specific details valuable
to each relevant service or page
and it helps google crawl it helps
provide fresh content all which help
your rankings that's the start of it
there's a lot more to it but
including off-site seo such as building
content distributing content building
quality backlinks reporting analyzing so
it's a big complex piece to learn you
can learn it plenty of resources plenty
of guides i've got a lot on the channel
on business growth show there's plenty
of sites to help you there so you can
learn it yourself take the time or pay a
specialist to make it happen
podcast
very very low investment so all you need
to do is get a mic you can get a decent
mic for about 100 pounds hundred dollars
um you just need software i tend to use
stream yard it's only about 10 15 bucks
a month um
and then if you want editing software a
lot of it you can do on streaming itself
the only other thing you need is a
channel to put it out through to
distribute it on to
either spotify apple all that good stuff
um so anchor as a site called anchor
that is free
and we use one called simplecast and
again i think that's only 10 15 bucks a
month so you're looking at very very low
overhead
why are podcasts so great well just like
with business growth show we use it to
interview clients interview ideal
clients interview prospects and
so you can literally make a list of
target accounts
find out who you want to be speaking to
if that's the marketing director head of
ops
ceo whatever
interview invite them to come on your
podcast what you'll find is 99 of people
you ask would love to because people
like to come on board talk about
themselves get the exposure
so you can ask them questions around the
service the industry that they're in
share useful tips your audience
then you can put the podcast out you can
distribute on socials your email list
your website promote them help them
promote it for you and build
relationships with people that you want
to be doing business with whether
existing clients or target customers and
over time this will build up your own
brand share expertise
drive inbound leads your way as well as
referrals you can also do solo podcasts
just like i'm doing now to showcase your
own expertise it's a great way to create
evergreen content so if you record the
video you can share the video on
different channels website social
youtube you can change that into image
posts you can put that repurpose that
into blog posts linkedin posts the
possibilities are endless so there's a
lot of long-term value in seo and
evergreen content and building
relationships referrals and inbound
leads so much good stuff can come from a
podcast and it's very very easy to do
you just gotta get up get off your ass
and make it happen
google ads we've talked about organic
seo it's a non-paid so looking at paid
so getting yourself to the top of google
but with the paid listings this is
something you run all these channels
we're talking about we run for web
choice so we're practicing what we
preach we're literally doing ourselves
we don't cold cool and this is how we
generate our
very fast route to market seo tends to
be a longer term strategy can be talking
months
um in some very very competitive
industries maybe 12 months plus if it's
less competitive maybe six months or so
google ads fast route to market means
you can get the ads in front of um
people for
your key products your key services as a
quick way to drive traffic to your
website and get potential sales and
leads
you can again learn this yourself or you
can pay a specialist to create the ads
and manage the ads um i've pushed google
ads here because again it's something we
run here at webchoice you can do social
ads social ads are less intent good for
band brand building good for
definitely business to consumer products
and services and
i'm pushing this as we recommend it as
what we run typically for our own
clients um we're not massive social ads
experts here
although we do a little bit
lastly but not leastly sponsored ads so
again a fast route to market so what i
encourage you to do is find your
relevant sponsored ad for your industry
so if you're in the trades you might
want to look at like truster trader or
checker trades
if you're in software maybe g2 cap terra
similar so find out your trade listing
site where people go to hunt for
these kind of products projects
then
set up ads with them create an account
create a profile create a directory
listing find out what the pricing is and
typically these sites have really big
traffic so it's a really quick way to
start getting traffic and inquiries and
through your website through the forms
the reason i know it works is because we
do it ourselves again as this is all
part of a multi-channel strategy not
putting all your eggs in one basket and
having a set several different streams
of ways the customers can find you and
bring leads
and again some of these the listings are
very very cheap so several hundred
pounds or less a month um up to several
thousand so you can start on a small
package and grow it as you start to gain
more customers gain more monthly revenue
and grow your business and scale
and there you have it those are my six
strategies to grow your business on a
small marketing budget i hope this video
and podcast has been of value to you as
always if you enjoyed it a subscribe is
much appreciated and with that we should
catch you on the next one